Add Contributing guidelines to RTD docs (#74)
charmed-hpc/docs: contributing/documentation.md

## Simple update

The easiest way to make a quick update, especially for those new to git and GitHub, is to use GitHub's [file editor](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/working-with-files/managing-files/editing-files#editing-files-in-another-users-repository) through your web browser. 

## Large contribution

For larger, more involved contributions, and those familiar with git and the command line, follow the [fork-and-branch](https://blog.scottlowe.org/2015/01/27/using-fork-branch-git-workflow/) process. Be sure to familiarize yourself with the [Documentation structure](doc-structure) prior to any significant work. 

## Test your contribution

To ensure that your contributions meet expectations and pass CI rules, check that they pass the repository's tests.

### Test locally

Install `npm` using the appropriate method for your operating system through one of the follow processes:
* Through your preferred package manager
* By following the [node version manager installation process](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm#using-a-node-version-manager-to-install-nodejs-and-npm)

> * For Debian and Ubuntu Linux distributions: `sudo apt install npm`

Reviewer: `snap install` instead of `apt install`?? :pleading_face::point_right::point_left: 

```suggestion
* For Ubuntu and other snap-supported Linux distributions: `sudo snap install node --classic`
```
